Oh, how cute!
You're so cute!
Hey.
Hi. I need three iced lattes
and a regular coffee.
Oh, and extra straws, please!
Right.
Oh!
Put some ice on that, Stan,
and ibuprofen for the pain.
Thanks, Doc.
Yeah.
Hi, Levon! Got you a fix.
One more here...
Oh, hi!
Maddy, I did not
forget about you.
Thanks, honey.
And can you help
with one more problem?
Sure.
Thank you.
What's the prognosis?
Oh...
Well, orchids need
less sunlight, not more.
Here, I'll take care of it.
I'll get it back to you
next week.
Dex and I are going
to that wedding this weekend.
Oh, and how are things with Dex?
Well, last night at dinner,
he asked for
my social security number.
How... Romantic?
I think he wants to add me
to his retirement account.
Or running a credit check?
Either way, it's forward motion.
Still hasn't popped
the question, huh?
No, no, but
I've dropped a few hints.
And, you know, Dex,
he can get really distracted
when the stocks are down,
so I'm just praying
for a bull market.
Tess, you already missed
your 'ring by spring' goal.
Well, Australia's spring
is in September.
And what's going
to happen with Dex
when you get that fellowship
at Northwestern?
I don't have the fellowship yet,
and, you know,
it's tricky with Dex because
he loves Boston so much.
I don't want to spook him.
Sounds like
he needs to be spooked
to appreciate
what he's got in you.
Don't worry. I have a plan.
And you've
got a patient.Oh.
Hi, Sam!
I hear you're making
a miraculous recovery.
Hello!
I am Dr. Harper,
and you are...
Nervous.
Look, Doctor, uh,
before you give me that shot,
I've got to tell you,
I've got a phobia of needles.
So, um...
Mmm-hmm.
Can you do me a favor
and just, uh,
could you just hold this for me,
and just, um, just be careful
because it's really,
you know, fragile.
But I was scarred
when I was a kid.
Um, I had a shot, and...
Just messed me up.
Be careful!
Okay, as I was saying,
um, I'm a real...
Was that the shot?
That wasn't bad at all.
Rule number one,
always keep the patient
distracted.
Good job.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Amber! How's the bride-to-be?
Good! I'm excited!
I'm going to send you a link
to the Commodore Club.
It's amazing.
It's right on the lake.
There's a golf course and a spa,
and everybody
in the wedding party
gets their own bungalow.
Well, you've always lived large.
Why would your wedding
be any different?
Anyway, I cannot wait.
Hey, how are you holding up?
Oh...
Did I tell you
I'm rethinking the flowers?
Again?
What is wrong
with the Delphinium?
Well, I just... I realized
that they're going to clash
with the bridesmaids' dresses!
Okay, okay,
remember the advice I gave you about
your prom dress in high school?
Close your eyes.
Shut out the world.
Now imagine, what color do you
see coming down the aisle?
The pink bridesmaids' dresses...
And pink does go with blue.
So... yeah, I'm going
to stick with the Delphinium.
Oh, Tessie,
what would I do without you?
Nothing,
'cause I'll be there soon,
and I cannot wait!
Does the same go for Dex?
Absolutely!
We are having dinner tonight
to go over all the travel plans.
Yay!
Hey. Hi. I'm sorry I'm late.
I stopped by to get that
charger that you asked for,
and then I popped by home
so that I could change, and...
You look sensational.
Thank you.
Let's get a table.
I am starving.
Oh, hon, there's actually just
someone I want you to meet first.
Oh, but I've been
juggling patients all day.
I haven't had anything to eat.
Absolutely.
What was I thinking?
Holbrooke can wait.
Mr. Holbrooke?
Your new boss? Yeah, I
just bumped into him here.
I promised him you'd say hello.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
It's good.
We should say hi.Great.
Mr. Holbrooke.
Dex.
I'd like you to meet my girlfriend, Dr.
Tess Harper.
Hi. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
She's on staff
at Bayside General,
and still somehow
manages to find time
to head the fundraiser
for Harborwalk.
Really?
That's very impressive.
Oh, my life is easy.
Dex works 10 times
harder than I do.
Well, Dex, if you pick
your stocks
the same way you pick
your girlfriend,
you've got a great
future ahead of you.
Have a nice dinner.
See you, Mr. Holbrooke.
Take care, Dex.
Thank you.
Thanks. You were
perfect back there.
Thanks for talking me up
to Holbrooke.
Oh, enough work-talk
for one night?
Of course.
Amber's wedding is finally going
to give us a chance to relax.
I already booked our flights.
Um, day after tomorrow.
I got us aisle seats.
We have barbecues, golf...
I already booked us
massages at the spa.
Right.
Oh, and guess what? Someone
from the selection committee
for the fellowship
is going to be there.
He's a friend of Amber's dad!
That's great!
Yeah.
Yeah, I thought the wedding would
be a great place to talk to him,
and, you know,
for us to scope out...
Chicago? Again?
It's two hours
from where I grew up.
Plus, I could see my mom more,
and your firm
has an office there.
You could put in
for that transfer. I know, I know.
I just, I need
to wrap my brain around this.
Oh, come on. It's Chi-town!
The Windy City! Wrigley Field!
I prefer Fenway Park.
Agree to disagree.
Okay.
Tess, what do you need
Chicago for?
You've got everything
you need right here.
But Northwestern is
a leader in innovation.
At Bayside, we have to fight
over digital thermometers.
And, yes, there is a lot to
love about this city, but...
Tess, let's just get through
this week
before planning
the rest of our lives.
Okay.
But in the meantime,
pack those golf shoes,
'cause we are going
to have a blast.
Okay.
So you've known
each other how long?
Oh, Amber and I
went to grade school,
and then all the way
through college together.
Yeah, it was always Amber's
job to get in trouble,
and it was my job
to come in and fix it.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah!
Like, when Amber
was learning to drive,
and she hit a mailbox,
I took the fall.
When she, like, flooded
the dorm with bubble bath,
I was the one
who found the mops.
I would even go on
double-dates with her
and laugh at her jokes
just so they didn't bomb.
Typical Tess.
But when I get to Chicago,
I am going to relax
and have fun.
You, relaxing?
What does that look like?
Very funny.
I can relax. I can chill.
Chillax.
Cool my jets.
Well, when you get
that fellowship at...
If I get that fellowship.
It is still a long shot.
Plus, you know,
I have a really nice life here.
Is that you talking, or Dex?
Okay, you got me,
but I'm telling you,
after four days in that warm wedding
glow, at that amazing resort,
Dex is going to fall
in love with Chicago,
he's going to propose to me,
and practically insist
that I take that fellowship!
And if he doesn't?
Knock-knock!
I have our seats and our boarding
passes for this weekend.
I am sorry, Tess.
There's been a hitch.
Holbrooke came down
to my office,
and he said he wants
to talk about my future,
this weekend.
He invited me to go yachting!
But, Dex, we're going to
Amber's wedding this weekend!
I know, sweetie,
but it's such
a great opportunity.
But we can't miss the wedding!
This is...
This is terrible timing.
What do you want me to do?
Well, come with me!
To the wedding!
It will mean so much to Amber,
and it's going to be a blast.
I mean, it's going to be awkward
telling Holbrooke
I'm going to back out.
You already told
Holbrooke 'yes'?
It was spur of the moment.
I wasn't thinking.
Oh...
Wow.
Well, I mean, I guess
you can't back out now.
It just...
This really changes my plans.
Your plans?
Huh? Oh, uh, you know, just,
celebrating... The wedding.
Sweetheart,
I'll make it up to you.
Okay.
Well, it's not going
to be the same without you.
Trust me.
Hey! What's up?
Hey, Tess!
Why aren't you at the airport?
Ah, in a few hours.
Yes, I'm leaving soon.
Where's Dex?
Um, well, actually, it's just
going to be me for the wedding.
Dex can't make it.
What?
Yeah, he had
a work situation come up.
I can't believe it!
Calm down, Amber.
You're the one
who should be upset!
Well, you know how busy Dex
is, and this is just a...
Quit making excuses.
I mean, not only is
he missing my wedding,
he's leaving you high and dry.
Nonsense. I will be fine.
I am fine.
Fine.
What time does your flight land?
At 3:00.
I'm heading to the airport now, and...
Oh, shoot.
What's wrong?
I just...
I realized that the rental
car's in Dex's name.
Oh, don't worry.
I'll arrange someone
to pick you up.
Oh, no, you don't have
to do that, truly.
Hello, Amber?
Amber, hello, are you there?
I lost you.
Uh, yep, still here.
Think my WiFi's on the fritz.
What? Not again.
Oh, are you okay?
The wedding planner and I have
been clashing over napkin rings.
I've got to go, honey.
Get here soon, okay?
I am on my way.
See you soon.
Hi! I'm Tess Harper.
Yeah, Michael.
Got any bags? Oh, just a few.
I travel light.
Okay, great.
Yeah.
Whew!
Wow. This is
traveling light, is it?
Well, it's a four-day wedding.
I need a lot of outfits.
Oh, oh, please be
careful with that one!
Oh, and that one, too.
Why, what you got in here?
Um, well, shoes.
A lot of shoes.
That's a lot of shoes.
Yeah...
Okay.
You know what, you can just
hop in if you want.
I'll get you there real quick.
I know Chicago
like the back of my hand.
Why don't you have a sticker?
A what now?
A sticker? You know,
the... Ride-share sticker?
Oh, a sticker? Yeah...
Yeah, they don't give them
to all of us, so...
Are you sure you don't want to
ride up in the front with me?
I'm good.
Yeah. Okay.
'Cause I'm not a chauffeur.
I'm the best man.
Oh!
Front?
Yeah.
Doc.
That was a dirty trick
you just played.
Trick?
You're the one
who made the assumption.
And you had the chauffeur sign.
Amber said, 'Go to the airport
and pick up Tess.'
She's getting super stressy
with the wedding flowers,
and I was more than happy
to get out of that insanity.
She's stressed already,
and it's day one.
Poor Amber.
That's the problem
with weddings.
Oh, you have a lot of
experience with weddings, huh?
Yeah, you could say that.
So are you opposed to all
weddings, or just this one?
You know, I do love the perks,
though, the golf and the music,
and the fun,
but the stress and the traditions?
Not so much.
But you've got it all backwards.
Weddings are not
about the perks.
It's about the people!
You want to know the truth?
Weddings are only fun
if they're not your own.
Wow, I really hope that is
not your wedding speech.
You know what?
That's a really good idea.
I hope
you're not expecting a tip.
Can you turn that down, please?
What? You don't like
Chicago's best blues?
Well, I like my eardrums more,
and at over 80 decibels,
it can trigger tinnitus.
Tinni-whoda-what-now?
It's a medical term for a, you know,
buzzing sound or ringing in the ears
from exposure to loud music,
your loud music.
Fine. Okay. Your loss.
Thank you.
Could you just take it a little
slower around these curves?
I'm going to really need
that massage tomorrow.
Yeah, you need to relax.
Are you sure
this is the right way?
Are you kidding me?
I grew up around here.
I'm like a human map
of the Greater Chicago area.
What's the use?
Right?
Stop your grousing and just
enjoy this beautiful scenery.
And you're positive we didn't take
a wrong turn somewhere, or...
Trust me. The Commodore
Club is just up ahead here.
So you and Amber, you've known
each other a long time, huh?
Yeah. Yeah.
We've known each other
our whole lives.
It's actually funny
going to her wedding,
'cause when we were young, we used
to marry our stuffed animals.
I remember one time, a teddy bear and
a sheep made the perfect couple.
Until one of them realized
he was a carnivore.
Way to ruin the memory.
Don't blame me. That's just
how nature works itself out.
Um... Are we here? Can we...
You know, I can walk, actually.
I could just get out and walk.
You want to get out? Yeah, I could.
I mean, are we...
I guess we could stand each
other for a few more seconds.
The Commodore Club
is right up here.
Not a moment too soon.
...interesting.
Yeah. Well, thank you
for picking me up.
It was an interesting ride.
No problem. I hope you weren't
serious about that no-tip thing?
Oh.
Well, here's a tip.
Always wear sunblock.
Gee, thanks.
So what do you do when you're not
picking people up from the airport?
I'm a lawyer.
Ah, well, that explains
why you weren't so forthcoming
about who you are.
A divorce lawyer at a wedding
is like bringing
a baby to the movie theaters.
You get a lot of dirty looks.
Mmm. Or maybe it's just you.
Ouch.
So which way is Amber?
There's a group gathering
out on the club patio.
So I'm just going to run this
over to your bungalow.
Thank you.
You sure you're all right
with that little one?
Oh... Really?
Oh, thank you so much.
I was joking.
No, that's so nice of you.
I'm going to take it.
Uh, which way? This way?
That way?
No, that's,
that's where the reception is,
so you're going to probably
want to check in first.
Oh, no, no, no,
there's no time for that.
I'm already running late, and
Amber has a tendency to freak...
Tess!
Out.
Hi!
I'm so glad you're finally here!
Oh, my gosh, what's wrong?
Are you okay?
Where do I start?
The cake is gone.
The wedding planner quit,
and my wedding vows, they just,
they read like a ransom note,
and there's a million
things that I...
It's okay, it's okay, it's okay.
I'm here, okay? Just breathe.
Okay.
I've got this.
Okay?
Okay.
Good. All right.
Go back inside.
I'll be in there
in just a sec. I'll see you out there.
Okay.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah, all right.
Jack!
How you doing?
Tessie! You made it!
Any groom jitters?
Are you kidding?
I've never been more sure
of anything in my life.
Right answer.
Oh, I think my uncle just
discovered it's an open bar.
I'd better go
keep an eye on him.
Tess!
Hi, Bernadette!
Wow, I haven't seen you since
our, what, our college reunion?
Can you believe it?
Us, bridesmaids! Ahhh!
Yeah. Ahhh!
Oh, mother of the bride alert.
Tess. Hi, dear.
How lovely to see you.
Where's that handsome
boyfriend of yours?
Oh, well, he had to stay
behind in Boston for work.
What?
His loss.
Uh-oh, here comes Aunt Millie.
Batten down the hatches.
You know what she's like.
Oh, my, aren't you pretty?
You know, there are a lot of
eligible young men at this wedding.
Oh, uh, truly, no need.
Mr. Tilton!
Oh, she's so adorable!
Tess, dear! You made it.
How are you holding up?
Oh, smooth sailing.
Never better!
Oh!
Frankly, Tess, I'm terrified.
It's as if Amber and her mother
are speaking some kind of,
I don't know,
foreign language, Wedding-ese.
I mean, they ask me questions,
but I sense I'm not supposed
to say anything,
so do I answer, or don't I?
It'll all be over soon.
Uh-huh, and quite likely,
I will be, too.
Amber!
Whoa.
Okay, I like mimosas
as much as the next gal,
but at the rate you're going, they're going
to run out of orange juice in Florida!
Bernadette keeps
telling me a story
about a bride who can't fit
into her wedding dress!
So...
Isn't it obvious?
She's trying
to get into my head!
Oh. Oh, no. I'm sure she's
just trying to be funny.
You look beautiful...
And nervous.
Oh, honey, honey,
did you connect
with the steakhouse yet?
Jack's friend is catering
the reception dinner.
Charlie's got
all the orders A-okay.
Best steaks in town.
And you didn't forget
the seven vegan meals, right?
The vegans are cool.
It's all handled.
And you're gonna help
your mom with the slide show?
Amber, on it. Relax, okay?
Take care of her.
Yeah.
Okay? See you.
Jack is as cool as a cucumber,
and I am falling apart.
Ever since the wedding planner
left, everything is a mess!
Oh, relax. I'm sure
everything can be handled
with a few phone calls.
What is this I hear
about an AWOL wedding cake?
The baker was supposed
to check in days ago,
and this is a very special wedding
cake that I designed myself,
with meringue hearts,
there's a custom topper,
and 'Love Forever'
written in marzipan.
Do you have
a number for this bakery?
It's somewhere in the
wedding planner's notes.
All right.
I am calling them right now.
Oh, thank you, Tess.
I knew you would help. Our
bakery is permanently closed
at this location...
Oh.
Well, uh, there's a reason you
haven't heard from the bakery.
The recording says
they're closed.
For the day?
For forever.
Gone out of business.
But... But they
have Daddy's deposit!
Oh, this is not good.
See, the wedding planner is
supposed to be handling this.
Yeah, what exactly happened
with the wedding planner?
She was super-opinionated.
Isn't that why you hire one?
Yeah... But, I mean,
we were clashing from day one.
And then we got in the teeniest
little tiff over place-settings,
and she just quit!
Okay, well, it sounds like you
need a new bakery, and fast.
Would you?
Oh, Tess, you are the best!
Oh, uh, well, I'm...
Yeah, you know,
I made it through med school.
Think I can handle a cake.
Oh, but you will need a driver.
Huh?
Michael!
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah, no, I'm fine.
Tess, I'm not going to
trust you to some Chicago cabbie.
Michael!
Yeah, me?
Yeah, no, I'm...
I'm good.
Yeah, she's good,
whatever it is!
Tess, Michael is from Chicago,
and you wouldn't mind driving Tess to
some bakeries, would you, Michael?
Uh...
Jack just rented this boat, and we're
going to go fishing on the lake,
and all the groomsmen are going.
Yes, please, go!
Yeah, I wouldn't want to get
between you and a fish.
Okay, guys!
As maid of honor and best man,
it is your duty to help.
Right, okay.
Of course.
Yeah, and Michael
will help, right?
Right! Fine.
You guys are the best.
Thanks!
Okay, so, well, I'm going
to start googling bakeries,
and you go pull the car around.
Okay, fine.
Just remember, I'm a lawyer.
I'm not a chauffeur.
Okay, well,
maybe you could make a motion
toward the parking lot?
Very funny.
I thought so.
Can you move
a little quicker, please?
I'm supposed to be fishing,
not on some crazy cake hunt.
Oh, you're not the only
one making sacrifices.
I had to move my shiatsu
massage until tomorrow.
Besides, helping a wedding
is a noble cause.
Who made you wedding planner?
Everyone knows when you
lose a wedding planner,
there is a clear line
of succession,
starting with the maid of
honor and the best man,
all the way down
to the flower girl.
Okay, none of that is true.
Do you honestly want to trust crazy
Aunt Millie with the wedding?
Purple scarf?
No, but I don't understand why you and
I have to be roped into this thing!
Well, Jack is your
best friend, right?
Yeah.
Amber's mine,
so let's just steer this wedding
clear of the icebergs, okay?
Oh...
Oh, for cracking ice!
Look at this.
Jack's cousin just caught a trout.
The lucky stiff.
Oh, stop your bellyaching.
I am saving you from
sunburn and sea sickness.
Great bedside manners, Doc.
Oh, here it is! I have a great
feeling about this place.
I'm not quite sure I follow.
Can you run that by me again?
Well, for a wedding cake,
we'll simply make four layers,
and then we'll nix the
lollipops and keep the bow!
Right...
Right!
Oh, wow.
Can we get a dozen of these?
Eleven to go?
Oh!
Ah...
Sorry.
So, you need
a wedding cake ASAP?
Have you two
thought this through?
What? Yes!
No! No, no, no, no, no.
It's not for us.
This is what the bride wants.
'She' does, huh?
Quite the list.
Can you do it?
Of course. We are the
best bakery in the city.
And that is why
we came to you first.
Why don't you have a look
around, and I'll total this up.
These cakes are the perfect
metaphor for a wedding.
Treacle syrup,
assortment of nuts,
and just as expensive
as a small house.
Why are you so cynical
about weddings?
Weddings are wonderful!
I don't understand why people would
want to spend a small fortune
on something that fails
55% of the time.
When Amber and I
were little girls,
we snuck under a hedge and watched
my neighbor's backyard wedding.
It was magical.
You know, what's magical is how
a nest egg can just disappear.
Trust me, in my line,
I have seen couples
where that money should've been
spent on couples' counseling,
not on a wedding.
I'm starting
to see it now. What?
Yeah, I'm a doctor, and I
completely missed the symptoms.
This is personal,
all of this wedding-bashing.
Wedding bashing?
The wedding still on, you two?
Wow.
That's ridiculous!
So is your timeline.
I don't suppose you would consider
knocking that price down for us
just a little bit, do you?
I really like your bakery,
and I could put a good word in
with the mayor.
He's getting married
in the spring.
You know the mayor? Yeah,
I got him on speed-dial.
We went to law school together,
and I helped him pass ethics.
I'll see what I can do.
Thank you.
Ethics?
Ethics, yeah.
I've got to say, I was
super impressed with you today.
Fighting to get a better price
on that cake.
Maybe change your
opinion about weddings?
No, I just couldn't bear
to see you steamrolled.
Yep, still you.
Tell me you got a cake?
Oh, no.
Victory!
You guys, thank you so much!
Oh, you two make a great team.
Like orange juice
and toothpaste.
Still you.
But see? Doesn't it
make you feel good,
seeing her that happy?
Yeah, totally.
Okay, that was so not heartfelt.
By the way,
good job playing backup today.
So you're saying
I'm like your nurse?
Oh, no, I would never say that.
Nurses are heroic
and devoted to their work.
And I'll be leaving now.
See you at the ceremony.
Not a moment sooner.
Works for me.
Hey!
Howdy.
How's it going, bud?
Hi.
So... what's his deal anyway?
Michael?
He's Jack's college roommate.
They go way back.
He's cute, huh?
Oh, well... Whatever.
I mean, he certainly thinks
very highly of himself.
Well, you've got good hair,
so he makes up for it.
Well, all I know is, you guys are
rock stars for getting that cake,
and I'm sorry I've been
so stressed this week.
Well, rule number one. Always keep
a stressed patient distracted.
So what do you think about a
round of golf in the morning?
You're on.
Welcome, all.
I just want to thank everyone
for joining us here
for this very happy occasion.
Now, everybody,
go find your bungalows,
because we've got four days of fun
and festivities to look forward to.
Cheers!
How was that?
Very well done.
Nice. I know!
It's happening!
You've
reached Dex. You know what to do.
Hey, Dex.
I was just calling
to let you know I got in okay,
and that I miss you.
Wish you were here.
You would really love
this place.
Okay. Bye.
Isn't this great?
Getting out, getting some
fresh air, some exercise,
getting your mind off of the...
The wedding?
Yeah.
Yeah, this is
a good stress reliever,
and I clearly needed it.
So... Jack's
been acting strangely.
How so?
Last night, I wanted
to go over the seating chart,
and he was absolutely nowhere
to be found.
I mean, I just...
I don't get it.
He's usually so reliable.
Do you think this is
a sign of things to come?
I'm sure
it's just a case of nerves.
Yeah...
Oh, speaking of nerves,
would you like
to write my wedding vows?
Hah! Your fifth-grade paper
on pilgrims is one thing,
your wedding vows,
that's something else.
But I did get an 'A'
on that paper.
Yeah, and ironically,
I turned mine in late.
Hey, you know what?
Let's go lose ourselves
in some waffles.
Yeah, uh...
Oh, darn.
Oh, that's my Aunt Karen
from the airport.
Her flight
keeps getting bumped. Oh, no.
You go ahead.
I'll meet you there.
Okay.
Beautiful place, Mr. Tilton.
Yes.
It puts the 'pretty'
in 'costs a pretty penny.'
Well, hopefully,
when it's all said and done,
it will be worthwhile.
You're here alone, aren't you?
Yes.
You don't bring a date
to a wedding
unless you're pretty serious.
Well, I met my wife
at a wedding.
You know, there are a lot of
very attractive bridesmaids.
Pass.
I'm very happy
being single right now.
Famous last words.
You turn a corner and bump
into a certain someone,
and all bets are off.
Fickle finger of fate.
I love the alliteration,
but... Not gonna happen.
Let me guess.
You took one on the chin
and you never recovered.
Failed romantic becomes a cynic.
I think you're forgetting
what I do for a living.
Every marriage begins
with the best of intentions.
I think this conversation's getting a
little heavy for the putting green.
Yeah. I think you're right.
Jack and Amber
are meant for each other,
so none of this applies to them.
I'll see you
at the buffet brunch?
Oh, yeah.
I've been starving
myself all morning.
Don't forget. We've got
a 2:00 tee time.
Wouldn't miss it.
What's up with the name tags?
Oh, it's a game
to help guests
get to know each other!
You get the name tag with
the name of a famous person
put on your back...
And then you get somebody
to help you guess who you are.
So, Tess, any clues who I am?
Oh, uh,
you dropped out of Harvard
and became one of the
richest men in the world.
Oh, I wish.
Then I could afford
this wedding.
Henry, you promised.
Tess, dear, make sure you
get something to eat.
Oh, and any hints?
Who am I?
Oh, you like to solve mysteries.
Think British.
It's elementary.
Sherlock Holmes?
Right you are.
Oh, perfect.
Now maybe I can solve
the mystery
of that missing boyfriend.
Abandoning
a pretty girl like you?
Oh, wow, I'd better hurry.
They're almost out of waffles.
Mildred?
Enjoying the perks?
Got about a day's worth of
calories on that plate.
Yep, um, I'm carb-loading.
I've got 18 holes of golf out
there with my name on them,
right after brunch.
Here, help me
figure out who I am. Hmm?
Oh, you're immature.
You enjoy winning
and giving orders.
Ah... Napoleon?
Oh, you're talking
about the game?
Come on,
tell me who I am. You're Peter Pan.
Ah. All right.
You are a woman,
you led an army,
and you're a martyr.
Joan of Arc.
Very fitting.
Old friend?
No, that's Dr. Hastings.
He's the head of the medical
board at Northwestern.
I have never met him,
but I certainly would like to.
Well, here's your big chance.
I just don't know
what I would say.
I mean, you could start
with something like 'hello.'
Yeah?
Okay, here he comes.
Here he comes.
No...
And there he goes.
I am getting paged.
What, by a patient?
No, by the bride.
Ah...
Hi.
I just talked to my Aunt Karen and
she's not going to be here on time...
Can you do help?
Can you do it?
Yeah.
Thanks.
Put down that bacon.
We've got a task.
Again?
Oh, no, no, no, no. No.
And you think
I am happy about this?
Amber's Aunt Karen was supposed to
do something big for the wedding,
and she missed her flight.
Yeah, but I have a tee time,
and I'm going golfing,
and you should be getting your
massage that you scheduled.
But the bride needs
her something-blue.
What is that?
'Something old, something new,
'something borrowed,
something blue?'
Right, but what
is the 'something?'
I don't know yet!
You know what?
You just go play golf, but just
answer me this before you go
since you know this city
like the back of your hand.
Is there, like, a really good
vintage accessories place?
What?
In English?
Like, an antique jewelry store.
Oh.
Um...
I might... Know a place.
Okay, great. Thank you.
Let's go.
We don't have time. You're going to starve!
I'm taking my bacon.
It's a perfect day for golf.
Oh, quit sulking.
Anyway, helping people
is its own reward,
and besides, as maid of honor
and best man, it is our...
Sacred duty. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
but Jack Nicklaus just designed
this golf course back there, so...
And look,
I loved him in Chinatown,
but can we please get this dog
and pony show on the road?
Okay, wait, what?
Where did that expression
come from? Do you know?
Well, obviously, the dog
needed a sophisticated touch,
so they added a pony.
No, no, no, the pony needed
to appeal to the masses,
so they added the dog.
Is everything an argument
with you?
Wow, you really are a lawyer.
Can we go, please?
Can you put down that...
I don't...
Hold it.
Ugh.
Okay, I'll hold it.
Yeah, thank you.
Oh, I hate to say it,
but this place looks perfect.
Let's head inside.
Look, I think I'm just
going to wait out here.
I don't want to go in, so...
It's a jewelry store,
not a haunted house.
Come on, help me
pick something out.
Ah, look!
Something blue.
All done. Let's go.
Um, a keychain?
Yep. I mean, look at that.
To unlock the secrets of each
other's hearts. It's poetic.
Okay, Amber is not going to pin a
keychain to her wedding dress.
How do you even know
about this place?
I... I just do.
Fine, be mysterious.
Oh, look at that!
Oh, yeah, that's perfect.
Can we go now?
Oh, you know what? No. Amber
was swarmed by dragonflies
when she was young.
She still has flashbacks.
Yes!
Mmm, that... Is perfect.
Really is.
What are you staring at?
Hmm?
Oh, nothing.
It's just
that it matches your eyes.
Oh, you know what?
I think it's a little...
I think it's a little flashy.
Yeah.
Mmm-hmm.
Listen, why do you even
ask for my opinion
if you're just going
to ignore it?
Oh, 'cause
when it comes to weddings,
you have everything backwards.
I ask for your opinion,
so then I can do the opposite.
That's ridiculous.
Okay, something blue...
Honestly!
That is exactly
what is wrong with weddings.
The traditions, the pitfalls.
They turn what is supposed
to be some great party
into one big buffet of stress.
You just don't get it, because
a big event like this for you,
all you have to do
are the three S's.
Ah, the three S's.
Yeah, shower,
shave, and show up.
That is not how I remember it.
But the bride
is under so much pressure.
She's got the planning,
the organizing, the budgeting,
and then also, like,
the juggling of family,
and old friends
from college, even exes,
all the while trying to
look gorgeous in a dress.
Wow. You have really put
some thought into this.
I'm just saying, most of the heavy
lifting falls on the bride's shoulders,
so cut Amber some slack.
Uh-huh.
Amber has been
in Chicago long enough.
She can handle it.
They don't call us the City of
Broad Shoulders for nothing.
Yeah, what does that even mean?
You know, it's the line in the
Carl Sandburg poem 'Chicago, '
and it means we work hard here,
and even if that work
isn't pretty,
and even if it hurts,
Chicago people push through.
We do what we have to do
to get things done.
What?
Oh, uh, just
actually sounded poetic.
Thank you.
Is something wrong with you?
And it's how I know that your
boyfriend is not from Chicago.
And how's that?
Because he doesn't
do the heavy lifting,
like flying here for a wedding.
That is really ugly.
Then it must be perfect.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Oh.
Again?
I've got to take this.
Yep. No problem.
Hi.
Who were
you talking to back there?
Oh, that was Michael.
Yeah, we're out shopping
for jewelry.
Who?
Michael. He's the best man.
Yeah, we're just helping
Amber out.
You know, the bride,
she needs her something...
Hey, Tessie, I need your help.
How soon do I need to take
that sea sickness medication
before yachting
to be absolutely positive?
Oh, just a couple of hours.
Got it. Thanks! Hey, look,
I've got to run, babe.
I'll call you later. Well, how...
Miss you. Bye.
Okay, bye.
Everything okay?
Boyfriend troubles?
Everything's fine.
Thank you for caring.
Oh, I have to pay for the...
I already took care of it.
It's for a noble cause.
You're welcome.
They're probably
around the twelfth hole by now.
Don't you feel some
deep sense of satisfaction,
playing such a role
in someone else's happiness?
No, I feel a deep void
where the golf would have gone.
Are we done?
Yes, thank goodness.
So you can go
join your friends.Yes.
And I finally get to relax, too.
Ah, now you're
starting to get it.
Tess!
Huh?
We're headed to the spa,
and you're coming.
Finally.
Tess?
I've been meaning
to talk to you.
Now, you know
about computers, right?
Sure. Why do you ask?
Well, it's the slideshow
for the rehearsal dinner.
Jack was supposed to help me,
but I can't find him anywhere,
and I'm in way over my head.
Tess, but you're
due at the spa right now.
I... I can help.
Oh!
Thank you, honey.
Bye, Michael!
Now, you'll have time
to get to it... Bye.
...before the barbecue
meet and greet.
Thank you, Tess.
You and Michael
have been such lifesavers.
So, what do you,
what do you think of him?
Oh, he's like a foggy X-ray.
I can't figure him out.
Hey, hon, I'm going
to head back to the kitchen,
and grab some more marshmallows
and stuff for the s'mores, okay?
We need 'em.
And there he goes again,
the amazing vanishing groom.
Stop worrying.
There's mountains
of marshmallows.
He just keeps making excuses
so that he can disappear.
He was AWOL for hours today.
He was probably
with his groomsmen.
No, no!
The groomsmen were at the gym.
Not Jack.
Oh, God, Tess, what if I'm
making a huge mistake?
What do you mean?
Well, I love Jack,
but we are very
different people sometimes.
I am a morning person.
He's a night owl.
Jack loves the beach.
I hide from the sun.
I mean, I love to dance.
I think Jack would rather be
tortured than dance.
Okay, Amber,
do you remember the first day of
college when your keys went missing,
and you thought for sure
your roommate had stolen them,
and the whole time,
they were in your nightstand,
and everything was fine?
Yeah.
You are a worrier.
It's just what you do.
I know.
And you know
the best thing for cold feet?
No.
Circulation!
Oh. So go get that
party started.
Please, go move
those feet.Okay.
Doctor's orders.
I'm going.
Uh-oh.
What kind of a greeting is that?
Well, you know,
every time I see you,
we get dragged
into some kind of a task.
That's actually true.
How was the rest of your day?
It was great actually, yeah.
Finally got
that round of golf in.
And I'm really sorry you got
roped into that presentation.
I tried to help you.
And thank you for trying,
but what choice did I have?
I mean, no one was
lifting a finger,
and Mrs. Tilton
gave me the photo album,
and there was a scanner
in the business center.
Well... At least you get
to enjoy all of this.
Looks like it's going
to be a beautiful night.
This sunset, the fire coming,
and your laptop.
Wow! Okay.
For such an organized person, I did not
expect to see such a cluttered desktop.
That's impressive.
'Innovations
in Bone Density Scanners'?
'Advances
in Podiatry Treatments'?
I like to be cutting-edge.
I have, like, 50 medical papers
to read, in my fun-time.
Promise not to invite me
to your fun-time.
Oh, I promise.
A hundred seconds of solitude?
Hmm?
What? Oh.
Yeah, of course.
What was I thinking?
Had to check on the florist.
No stone unturned.
Hey, Tess?
Can I make an observation?
In the 48 hours
that I've known you,
you pass up a golf game,
you've eaten only
when forced to,
and you missed a spa day so that you
could work on a slideshow presentation.
And your point?
My point is, all these guests
here, they're having a blast.
When are you going to join in?
Well, it just seems like
people keep needing my help.
That's because you let them.
Ever heard the phrase,
'Doctor, heal thyself'?
Look, there is a silver lining
to me being busy this weekend,
and that is that
it takes the focus off of me.
I swear, if Bernadette asks me
where my 'missing boyfriend' is
one more time,
I am going to snap.
And where is your
missing boyfriend?
Ha. Very funny.
Thank you.
I just have to survive
yoga with her tomorrow,
and then I can have some peace.
Oh, carb-loading again?
Last two skewers on the barbie,
and one's got your name on it.
Don't confuse me by being nice.
Fine, I'll eat 'em.
No, I'll...
What? What is it?
It's Dr. Hastings again.
Oh, yeah, the
guy from the brunch.
What is his deal, anyway?
I'm up for this fellowship
at Northwestern,
and he is
on the selection committee.
Ah, so... Go say hi.
Hmm? No, no, no.
Well, he's having dessert,
you know, so... Uh-huh.
Okay, so, if you get
the fellowship,
does that mean
you're moving to Chicago?
Oh, um, I don't know.
It's complicated.
Ah, the boyfriend
doesn't like Chicago.
Oh, you just think you have
everyone's number, don't you?
Yeah. I can't help it.
After years and years
of patterns,
they just start to form.
Like, for example...
See those two right there?
Yeah?
He just met Jack's cousin
and she really likes him,
but she doesn't know
how he feels about her.
Well, how does
he feel about her?
Well... I know it looks like he's wondering
if his kebabs are overcooked, right?
But... He likes her.
He likes her a lot.
Wow!
Yeah.
Good work. I'm impressed.
Thanks.
Yeah, you know, in my line,
you get so you can just glance
and understand
people's love lives.
All right. All right.
You're using
your professional skills.
I'm going to use mine.
The patient's acute cynicism
suggests a build-up
of antibodies to weddings,
perhaps from a prior trauma?
Oh, wait, let me guess,
commitment-phobic?
No. I mean, yes...
Okay, a couple,
two or three years ago,
I was engaged... Emily...
And I just went with the flow,
sunk a ton of money into a
big wedding that she wanted.
You know, the whole hoopla,
the string quartet,
and the... Doves.
You?
Did not see that one coming.
Yeah, I was all in,
everything
but the break-dancing bears.
Oh.
Then, three months
before our wedding,
she met somebody else,
and at a wedding, ironically.
Ouch.
Yeah, and then, you know,
the jewelry store today...
No! Don't tell me.
That's not
where you got the ring!
And where I returned it.
Oh, Michael...
Wow.
I'm really sorry.
It's in the past.
Yeah.
Right?
Yeah! Hey.
To Jack and Amber.
The last two skewers.
You know, I actually studied
to practice environmental law.
So, why divorce law?
I don't know,
I just kind of fell into it.
I took a couple cases
at the beginning,
and turned out
I was really good at it.
You know, we both work
in fields that involve pain.
My specialty is making it
quick and painless,
but I'd like
to switch fields some day.
So why don't you
put out some feelers
to law firms you actually
want to work with?
You know, you could...
Tess, stop.
I am the one person
that doesn't need your help.
I'm fine.
Well, this is me.
I'll see you tomorrow,
and thanks for dinner.
It was...
Interesting?
Exactly.
Good night.
And good luck
with bridesmaids' yoga.
Be strong.
And we greet the morning
as we complete
our sun salutations,
moving into Warrior I,
welcoming peace.
Tess? Tess!
Are you sure
I did the seating plan okay?
Yes!
There's not too many strangers
sitting together at each table?
No. No, you're good.
I checked.
And reaching for the earth,
embracing a calming inner light.
So this missing
boyfriend of yours,
what's his deal anyway?
Focus, please.
And back to center,
placing the elbow
on the knee and twist.
And how long have you
been going out for?
Almost two years.
And he still didn't
come with you?
I'll tell you why he isn't here.
He's afraid he's going to have
to put a ring on that finger.
It is not that at all!
Ladies!
Shh!
You have to turn
the screws, honey.
That's how I got
Henry to propose.
Hey, Tess!
Michael?
What?
What are you doing?
Come with me
if you want to live.
Namaste.
That does not seem relaxing.
Most tense yoga session ever,
actually.
The Dalai Lama
would not have approved.
Why do girls talk like that
when they're working out?
Guys just work out
when they're working out.
Anyway, forget about
all that and hurry,
or we're going to be
late for our tee time.
What?
I'm not playing golf.
Sure you are... With them.
What?
Yeah, I ran into them
this morning at the Pro Shop,
and since they were
looking for a foursome,
and you wanted
to meet Dr. Hastings...
What are you doing?
I'm helping you help yourself.
I've got to go change!
Okay.
I'll get the cart.
You're gonna like
this course. The greens are nice...
Dr. Hastings?
Dr. Harper.
When they were kids,
Tess here used to perform surgery
on Amber's broken dolls.
And from what I hear, Tess's golf game
is as good as her bedside manner.
Dr. Hastings,
in full disclosure,
I'm a finalist for the
fellowship at Northwestern.
Perfect. We can enjoy
our golf game
and talk about anything
besides work.
Bedside manner?
I should have said bedside manner
first, then golf game after.
I don't know if bedside manner
needed to be included at all.
I know.
So for my money,
the best steak in Chicago,
Benny's Chop House, hands down.
Oh, I'll be sure
to check it out.
Ah!
The bride has a question.
I'm sure it can wait.
Devoted to golf.
I respect that.
Yeah, except I think this wedding
is making me lose my mind.
Oh!
Terrific.
Well...
Wedding planner, says I
still owe her five grand.
No matter.
Yes, dear?
Fine. I'm sure if they don't
have posies, then mums are fine.
How much extra?
Uh-uh. No. Fine.
Yep.
You know, I thought this wedding
would be a simple get-together,
but now there's harpists,
there's a cheese sommelier,
there's more food
than an army needs.
There's a charging station
by the sangria bar.
I mean, this isn't a wedding,
it's a, it's a...
It's a runaway train.
Mr. Tilton!
Henry?
Oh, oh, oh, okay.
Michael, will you get the cart
and some water, please?
Yep, on it.
Take some deep breaths, okay?
Do you feel dizzy or cold?
No.
Okay, just breathe.
I'm okay now.
Yeah, I think it was
just a mild panic attack
and maybe a little dehydration.
You know, I'd really, really
like to get you out of the sun
and rehydrated. Thank you.
And up to the clubhouse.
Do you think
you can get up okay?
That sounds
like a good idea.Yeah.
Listen, all of you,
you play on, okay?
Sorry, sir,
not a chance, no, no.
I need to re-check
your vitals inside.
Here. Here, actually,
I'll take this for you.
I think we've had enough
excitement for one day, yeah?
Just breathe.
Thank you.
Good work out there. Good bedside manner.
Thanks for the assist.
Look out, watch your head.
Okay. Ready?
We're good?
You're clear, yeah.
Go ahead.Okay.
Not on the green!
You guys are going
to love the dance lessons.
Oh, are we?
Uh, just...
Yep.
You were pretty great out there,
and I think Dr. Hastings
took notice.
That was a nasty
trick you played,
surprising me with golf,
and a nice one.
Uh, Jack?
Honey, let's start.
Ooh, yeah, actually, I'm going
to have to sit this one out.
What? Why?
Hmm? Oh, I...
I did something to my
hamstring playing golf today.
Oh, you know, dancing might help
stretch that hamstring out.
You sure?
It's, like, it's really sore.
Okay, yeah. You should probably
ice it and keep it inclined.
Thanks, Doc.
I better get some ice, honey.
You know, doctor's orders, so...
I'm sorry. It seems super fun.
But he...
He's the one who needs
the dance lesson.
He's got two left feet!
And I want to look good
for our wedding dance.
This is really important to me!
It...
Maybe you're right about
weddings making people crazy.
Huh, you're beginning
to see the light.
Partner up, people.
We've got lots to learn,
and only an hour.
Uh, partner up.
Seems like we're being
tasked again.
Come.
Positions.
And...
Well, I should warn you,
I am a little rusty.
Whoo. And you're really good.
Fringe benefit of
my near-miss wedding.
My fiancee forced me
to get lessons
for a ridiculous wedding dance
that never actually happened.
Oh, don't blame it
on the wedding dance.
Why not?
Because the wedding dance is,
it's beautiful. It's romantic.
It's the first steps
a new couple takes together,
under the lights
and with the music.
Wow, you are a hopeless
romantic, aren't you?
Emphasis on the 'hopeless.'
Whoa!
Ooh!
Good.
You've got some moves.
Well, the ER
is a bit of a dance,
you know, evading gurneys,
dodging bedpans...
Yeah, I got it.
Yep, yep.Okay. Oh, no.
What?
Aunt Millie's all alone.
As sorry
as I feel for Aunt Millie,
you and I are here,
on the dance floor.
Yeah, but that's the whole
thing about a wedding, right,
is everybody gets
to join in the fun.
It's okay.
Fine.
Oh...
Oh, you know what?
I have to take this.
I'll be right back, okay?
Dex!
Hi!
Are you ready for your trip?
All systems go.
Don't forget
your Dramamine. Done.
And how's it going with you?
Uh, actually, surprisingly fun.
What's all that noise?
Oh, it's music.
Just a little dancing going on.
See everything you're missing?
Hey, hold on a sec. I've got to
get rid of another call here.
Hello?
Hello... Dex?
Ugh.
Quick, quick, slow, slow.
Move faster with that one.
Slow. Quick, quick,
slow, slow.
Yes...
Slow, slow.
Quick, quick, slow.
There is nothing
like Chicago pizza.
Well, you won't be without it
much longer, right?
Mmm? Yeah.
Let me guess.
Dex hasn't agreed to Chicago
if you get the fellowship?
Okay, it's fine. You don't
want to talk about it.
I won't twist your arm. I've
got enough on my mind already.
Is that... No.
Wha...
Jack!
Hey, hon.
What are you doing,
creeping around?
What? Uh, I was just
getting some ice
for my hamstring.
Yeah, I don't want
to limp down the aisle.
That wouldn't be good.
Uh, but you guys have fun, okay?
Better go before the ice
machine closes, though, so,
I'll see you guys in a bit.
What is he up to?
Sneaking around,
ducking out on duties.
Amber...
'Boyfriend Jack' is wonderful,
but what if there is a 'Married
Jack' that I don't know yet,
who keeps secrets,
and doesn't care about the
things that are important to me?
Oh, Amber, where do I start?
Tess, am I getting cold feet?
You should really talk to Jack
about these worries.
Communication
is the best medicine.
I know, I know,
but I'm afraid to.
It's the wedding week.
I don't want
to have a big showdown.
I just wish that he would
make an extra effort
once in a while.
And, Tess,
you deserve that, too.
Don't give me that look.
You don't think you deserve
the same thing from Dex?
Look, we are talking
about you right now.
Yeah, well, don't worry.
Cold feet aren't contagious.
Well, don't you worry.
You are going to have
the fairytale wedding
you have dreamed of
since we were kids.
I promise.
That was very sweet of you
back there,
asking Aunt Millie to dance.
Hey, she's got
a fantastic foxtrot.
I may have misjudged
you a little.
Yeah? I think it's possible
that I might've misjudged you
just a tiny bit, too.
Hmm.
So listen,
tomorrow's a pretty big day.
We have the rehearsal,
you have your slide show,
but I was thinking...
Oh, you are not suggesting
we play hooky
on our wedding duties.
No, we still help
with the wedding,
but then we also take
some time for some R&R,
some fun!
Yeah? Best of both worlds.
What do you think?
Deal?
Deal.
Yeah.
And good night to you, too.
Okay.
What a great way
to start the day.
You mind if we stop,
just for a minute?
Oh!
I thought for sure
you'd be able to keep up.
Well, A, I did keep up, and B, it's
three times around the golf course.
It's a lot of running.
But you're a lawyer.
I thought you'd be
especially long-winded.
Ha, that's very funny.
Can we just take a little break?
Break? This is... I'm supposed
to be having fun today.
Yes, fun, but not at my expense.
All right, well, let's see,
we still have time before
the wedding rehearsal,
so we could schedule... Schedule?
No way. You can't schedule fun.
Hey, guys.
The bakery's van just pulled up.
Could I possibly draft
you to take a look?
Sure, yeah. Piece of cake.
Oh, thank you!
Very funny.
Thank you.
Exactly as the bride requested.
Belgian cocoa, French cream,
the finest Japanese marzipan,
and I crafted the cake topper also, as
requested, in pure Madagascar sugar,
infused with orange blossoms
and vanilla.
Wow. Nice work.
We aim to please.
On time, and on budget,
and the mayor's going to
hear about this, right?
Yes, of course.
I'm a man of my word.
Thank you so, so much.
It's perfect. The bride
is going to be so happy.
Okay, we need to get this cake
into that refrigerator.
Yep.
Yep, and just, just...
Ooh, be so, so, so, so careful.
It is a masterpiece.
Yes...
Watch the corner!
Oh!
Come on!
Okay, okay... Oh, no, the
sugar groom's arm fell off!
Uh-oh.
This is very bad.
It's very bad.
Very bad. Maybe Amber, she
might not even notice that.
Are you kidding?
Amber would notice
a flower petal out of place
on a centerpiece 100 feet away.
She sees bad omens
in every mistake!
What are we going to do?
We can sub in a plastic one.
Plastic?
No, no,
plastic's not going to work.
So what do you suggest?
What can we do?
Nurse, a little
more light, please.
Oh, yeah, gladly.
And thanks for bumping me
up to nurse.
Okay, frosting?
Frosting, check.
Okay.
Now...
Nope... Yes!
Ooh.
The ulna and the radius are
going to make a full recovery.
Wow.
I'd say you've got a pretty
steady hand in a crisis.
I knew that surgical residency
would pay off one day.
Well, now that
the crisis is averted,
I think it's time for some of
that fun that you promised.
What did you have in mind?
I was thinking
maybe a little golf,
not for networking,
just for fun.
Nice.
Seriously?
Nice!
Why are you so quiet?
Off my game a little bit,
but I'm gracious in defeat,
or pretending to be.
We still have a little time
before the rehearsal,
and a golf cart at our disposal.
What say we explore
the resort a little bit?
Explore?
Yeah, there's probably some
great picnic areas around here.
You know what, I really should
check on a few patients.
What, you're not on call
this week, are you?
And they're in good hands?
So they'll be fine.
And you remember
our deal, right?
Fun when our work is done?
You know what,
you're right. I'm what?
Does this thing have a stereo?
Hope so.
All right.
Let's rock and roll!
I wonder where Tess is.
She's not answering
any of my calls.
What do you need her for,
dear? Maybe I can help.
No, I just wanted to check in.
Amber?
Dad? What is it?
You arranged the orders
for the rehearsal dinner?
No, Jack did. Why?
Well, there's been
some confusion.
The caterers are here now,
and apparently,
the vegan dinners are chicken.
What?
Jack was supposed
to handle this!
Maybe you can give him a call.
I have been trying to text him
for over an hour!
There's no answer.
Bernadette, have you seen Jack?
I saw him with the other groomsmen
back at the Commodore Club.
I'm sure he'll be back soon.
Unbelievable!
Amber, Amber, big breaths.
In...
And out...
Enjoying some of
the wedding perks?
Think I'm starting
to get the hang of it.
What do you think that cloud
looks like right there?
Oh, obviously, it's a kidney.
No, obviously, it's a gavel.
Everyone sees the world
through their own filter.
To cows, all they see is grass.
That's true.
To the cows, then.
To the cows.
Michael, I just want
to say thank you.
For what?
For reminding me to enjoy
myself while I'm here.
You're welcome.
Thank you, too.
For what?
Well, I've spent the last three
years splitting people apart.
It's nice to actually
play a small role
in bringing people together.
So thanks for roping me in.
That cloud now
looks like a bunny.
Oh, ooh, and
that one looks like a heart. A heart!
Oops, sorry.
My fault!
That is totally my fault.
It is your fault.
You know what? We should probably
get to this rehearsal dinner.
I told Mrs. Tilton I would
set up the slideshow, and...
Oh, my gosh, my phone is dead.
My phone never dies!
Hold on.
What time do you have?
What time?
5:20. We kind of
lost track of time.
Yeah, we're late!
We're running late!
We've got to go! Yes, we've
got to go, right now.
Oh, no.
Oh, no, no, no.
Amber?
Huh? Forget? No!
No, I'm coming down the hall
right now!
Yep!
Oh, I know.
I am so, so sorry
that I missed the rehearsal,
but, no, I'm here.
Yep, here I come.
Hi.
Oh! Oh, shoot.
Okay...
Hi!
Where have you been?
I am so sorry.
I lost track of time.
This rehearsal dinner,
I mean, it's a disaster.
Just take a deep breath.
Okay. That's right.
That's good.
And relax.
Now, go sit down.
I'm going
to get this fancy video out,
going to entertain everybody.
Jack's responsibility
was the presentation!
I can explain, but later.
You go sit down, okay?
Jack, why did you pass
the presentation on to Tess?
Honey, relax, okay?
She's got it,
and you've got dessert coming.
It's going to be great.
Um...
I'd like to welcome you all
here, and, uh,
before we have dessert,
I'd just like to say how grateful
I am that we are all here
to celebrate the happy couple,
Amber and Jack.
And I have a very
special treat for you,
courtesy of the wonderful
technical assistance
of our multi-talented
maid of honor, Tess,
some beautiful moments
and tender memories
from the happy couple's lives,
for your viewing pleasure.
Uh...
Um...
Tess?
Just one second!
Just a small technical glitch.
Just a moment.
Hurry. Come on.
Ah!
This tutorial will cover recent
innovations in bunion treatment
as well as...
Why isn't it working?
A bunion presents typically
as a bony prominence
from realignment of the joint
at the base of the toes...
This is wrong,
this is wrong. No.
Treatment of bunions
may include rest,
icing, and orthotics...
I'll see if I can help her.
More drastic measures include
medication and surgery.
I clicked the wrong file!
What happened? Oh, my gosh.
That's...
That is disgusting.
Oh. Oh...
I clicked, I don't know!
I'm trying to...
There, does it work?
I think it worked.
Yeah.
Amber...
Just...
Amber!
It's not so bad, right?
It's so bad.
Somebody didn't notice.
That was so bad.
Everyone noticed.
Amber, I am so sorry.
This whole fiasco
is all my fault.
I should've planned more
for my presentation.
No, the presentation
was Jack's responsibility,
and the catering,
and he failed at them both.
Hey... So
Tess did need help!
I... Was busy.
Doing what? Hanging out
with your groomsmen?
No...
I mean, technically, yes, but...
Look, Amber, I think
you've got this all wrong.
Jack has a really good
reason for being away.
Why does everybody keep
making excuses for him?
Amber! Amber!
Hoo!
Weddings, they really
bring out the best in people.
This is not good.
The bride has melted down.
She's been upset with me
all week.
Maybe I should just
tell her the truth?
That is not a good idea.
Okay, but should I be
taking advice
from a divorce attorney?
Funny. Jack, I'm your best
man, and I'm your best friend.
It's my advice.
Honey, I am so sorry,
but this will all be over
tomorrow, in a good way!
I just don't think I can go
through with this wedding.
Oh, Amber, it'll be okay.
Just go inside. Relax.
I will check in
on you later, okay?
Thanks, Tess.
I took my eye off the ball.
It's not so bad. It could
have been a lot worse.
Yeah, yeah. I could have clicked
on the nose job presentation.
And in my efforts
to try and help everyone,
I ended up ruining everything.
I let down my friend,
and you want to know
the icing on the cake?
I sabotaged any chance,
any chance at that fellowship.
Just a sec,
the fellowship? Yeah!
I didn't exactly wow
Dr. Hastings
with my organizational skills.
Tess, I think
this is all in your head.
This has nothing to do
with your qualifications.
And you want to know
the worst of it?
I botched the wedding.
Okay, look, it is wonderful
how much you take care
of everybody else,
but I think...
Thank you.
And really, the silver
lining in all of this
is that you have just proven
yourself to be a really great guy,
and I...
Dex?
Surprise!
Let me guess.
The missing boyfriend?
Uh, yeah, he's not
supposed to be here.
I think that's probably
my cue to go.
No, no, no. No.
Stay, meet him.
No, you guys have a good night.
Hey, beautiful.
Hi!
What a surprise!
Hey.
Yeah. Didn't expect this.
It's good to see you.
Yeah.
I don't understand. I
didn't think you were coming.
I know, but then I realized
how important this was to you,
and I wanted to surprise you.
Well, mission accomplished.
Tess, I've been thinking a lot
about the last couple weeks,
the fellowship at Northwestern,
everything, really,
and I started to see that I've
been handling this all wrong.
How so?
I know how hard you've worked
for this fellowship,
and even getting this far
is an accomplishment,
and it wasn't fair of me
to not support you in that.
Especially since I didn't come
to the table
with a strong counter-offer.
A counter-offer?
I have a solution for this
whole Chicago-Boston thing.
What if I proposed?
Proposed?
Well, proposed to propose?
What if I finally pulled
the trigger on this?
Um...
Dex, are you trying to keep me
from taking the fellowship
by asking me to marry you?
No!
No, I...
Not exactly.
Because I didn't get it.
Great!
Great?
No... I...
Oh. Dex, look, I have
a counter-proposal for you...
That we just be friends.
But we're such a great team.
Teams support each other,
but with us,
it's always me supporting you,
helping you re-do your office, or helping
you get that all-important promotion,
or just supporting you
in work in general.
Tess...
Dex,
you are not the bad guy here.
I chose this,
and I can choose something new.
Is that what you truly want?
It is.
Okay.
Hi.
Finally got in a round of golf.
Yeah, just hitting
a couple balls.
Michael, I really need to ask
your help for something.
Can you please tell me where the
groom has been hiding himself?
I don't know, Tess.
I've been sworn to secrecy.
See, Amber's actually thinking of
not going through with the wedding,
and she can't find
the groom, yet again.
This will be the last favor
I do for the bride.
Then I'm done.
I did find out
where your missing groom
has been spending his time.
You did?
The Shangri-La room
up in the clubhouse.
Oh, thank goodness!
Tess, can you go
talk to him for me?
Just find out
what's been going on,
straighten this all out?
The rest is up to you.
You have to go
talk to him yourself.
But you're my best friend.
Exactly,
and it's time for you
to stand on your own two feet.
Wait, where are you going?
I am treating myself
to a spa day.
Maddy?
Hi, stranger.
How's it going, Tess?
Let me guess.
Putting out fires for the bride?
Actually, you couldn't be
farther from the truth.
I am in a robe,
headed to the spa for a visit.
Robe?
Spa?
I must've called
the wrong number.
This is Tess Harper, right?
I think so.
Oh, Maddy,
it's all just been so crazy.
Dex showed up.
Maddy, it's over.
I did what I should have done
a long time ago.
Really?
Are you okay?
Actually... Yes.
Then congratulations.
I've got to run. Doc Williams
needs me on an appendectomy.
Thank you, Maddy.
Bye for now.
Bye.
Your shoulders are like granite.
You're carrying the weight
of the world all yourself.
I think maybe
I've been trying to.
But the world keeps spinning,
with or without
my problem-solving skills.
Turn around, please.
So, which do you want?
The hot stone treatment, Shiatsu,
or maybe a relaxation wrap?
All of the above.
Jack!
What's going on?
Amber, um...
Okay, I...
I don't know what the heck
is going on here, but...
It's a dance lesson,
the last of 10,
and time's a-wasting.
A dance lesson? Can you
just give us a second?
This is what I've been doing.
Bernadette was standing in for you to
help me, to prep for the wedding dance.
You know
what a terrible dancer I am.
I just...
I wanted to surprise you.
I am surprised.
Oh!
Ooh!
That's the tango.
Nice!
I'm still working on it.
Great minds think alike.
Excuse me?
An old trick I learned working
the ER out of med school,
grab rest when you can.
Wise words.
That's quite a presentation
you made yesterday.
Oh. Don't remind me.
It was an honor to meet you,
Dr. Hastings,
and I really do hope
that our paths will cross
sometime in the distant future.
Why do you say that? Are you
withdrawing from the fellowship?
Oh, no. No, no, no.
I just... I just assumed,
after yesterday,
and that, um...
Anyway, it was,
it was an honor to meet you.
Just tell me,
for future reference,
should I call you Tess,
or Dr. Harper?
Huh? Well, I meant what I
said back at our golf game.
What happens at this wedding
has no bearing
on the committee's decision,
good or bad.
Oh, and, um,
your office will be down
the hall from mine.
Uh...
I'm sorry.
I don't understand.
I don't think I'm...
The board voted
yesterday to accept you,
but the decision
was only made public today.
I'm sorry I couldn't
tell you any earlier,
but when I saw you in
action on the golf course,
I knew we made
the right decision.
Yes!
Oh, um, sorry. Oh, sorry.
And what are you smiling about?
I got the fellowship!
Oh, Tessie! That's great!
Does this mean you're
going to stay in Chicago?
Yeah!
Yay!
Yeah, Dex and I are through.
Yeah, it just,
it wasn't a match.
No.
How are you doing?
Good.
You know, everything's fixed.
And you fixed it. See, you
stood up for yourself.
You didn't need my help.
No, just a push.
So, now that you're
going to be in town,
maybe there's a better
match for you here?
What are you getting at?
No one knows you
like I do, Tess,
and from the first moment
that Jack introduced me
to Michael, I just,
I knew that the two
of you would hit it off.
And then when Dex bailed on you,
it just, you know,
that was the final straw.
Final straw for what?
Well, you gave me a push.
More like a shove.
Yeah.
Well, I gave you one, too.
What are you talking about?
Well,
I thought I'd indulge
in a little fiction
to try and get you to spend
some time with Michael.
Wait, so...
So what, this whole Bridezilla
thing, it was all an act?
Well, no, unfortunately,
that part, that part was real,
but the part where Michael
picked you up at the airport,
and the rest...
I just remembered, the
rental car is in Dex's name.
Oh, don't worry. I'll arrange
someone to pick you up.
Oh, no, you don't have
to do that, truly.
Michael?
Yeah? All set.
Oh, Jack thanks you
and I thank you.
Do you mind picking up my
friend Tess from the airport?
Sure.
Anything to get out of Wedding
Central for a minute.
Great. I'll text you the info.
Okay.
Amber? Hello? Are you there?
I lost you.
Yup. Still here.
Think my WiFi is on the fritz.
And technically,
I don't have an Aunt Karen
bringing me something blue.
Sending you two
on that scavenger hunt,
that was just a ruse to try and
get you to spend time together.
Why, you sneaky...
Hey.
I know my best friend,
and you do like a challenge,
and Michael likes a woman
who can think for herself.
I can't believe
you would do that to me.
No, not 'to' you,
Tess. 'For' you.
I mean, there's no way
I was going to let you choose
Dex over the fellowship.
He never treated
you as a priority,
and everybody knew
that except for you.
Well, things didn't exactly
work out with Michael.
But thank you
for being worried about me.
Now, I'm sorry,
I think we have
a wedding to get to.
Oh.
Oh, yeah, it's...
Do you like my dress?
Oh, yeah, you're ready.
Let's go.
Okay.
No, you're good.
I know you're
allergic to weddings.
You'll let me know
if you start feeling faint?
And you let me know
if you feel any compulsion
to fix any
of the floral arrangements.
Actually, your boutonniere
is a little off.
Let me just...
Last thing I'll fix, I promise.
Here goes.
Be strong,
and if you start seeing stars,
it's just people throwing rice.
Wow, you look like a man
headed to the gallows.
Any last words?
We made a good team.
We did.
Friends and family,
we are gathered here today
to witness and to celebrate
the union of Amber and Jack
in marriage.
I believe they've
written their own vows.
Amber,
I vow to always love you
and to make you happy,
in championship seasons
and in slumps,
on sunny days,
and really cold ones when I
have to use a snowblower.
I will always be there for you.
Jack,
a friend showed me this week
what true caring means...
To help someone
when they need it,
and to let them
help themselves, too.
I vow to love you
and support you in every way.
May we have the rings, please?
Then, by the authority granted
by the state of Illinois,
I now pronounce you
husband and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Finally.
Welcome to the family.
No more bills.
Are you... Tearing up?
Me? No, no.
I think it's the, um...
I think it's the flowers
or something.
I don't think it's the flowers.
Maybe somebody has a cat.
Definitely no cats
at this wedding.
Do you need a Kleenex?
I'm okay.
Okay.
I'm so happy.
Okay, right.
It's got a nice ring to it.
Hello, everybody.
My name is Tess.
I am the maid of honor.
I am also the one responsible
for that slide show yesterday.
You're welcome.
Amber and I have been best
friends since kindergarten,
and I just have to say
what a great friend
she has been.
She absolutely deserves
this amazing wedding.
See? Weddings are about
traditions and customs,
some of which may seem crazy,
some wonderful,
but weddings
are also about having fun.
And I just want
to thank a special someone
for helping me realize
we can enjoy both.
And now,
it's time for a wedding dance.
It's not bad.
I'd say so.
Where's Dex?
Headed back to Boston.
I'm sure the two of you
will be very happy together.
Oh, I'm sure
we'll be very happy,
just not together,
that's for sure.
What?
The thing is,
I got that fellowship I wanted.
Yeah.
Wow!
Congratulations! That's...
So, Chicago, huh?
That's...
Yeah.
See, the way I see it...
Chicago has a lot of potential
in a whole lot of ways.
Don't worry.
I know you're not a big fan
of the wedding dance.
Yeah, that was before.
Before what?
Before you.
What was that thing that you
said about the wedding dance?
It's the first steps two people
take in their life together,
to music.
Exactly.
So... May I have this dance?
This has been
my favorite wedding,
so far.
Mine too.
I think they're, uh...
You're such a matchmaker.
That's the only reason you
had this wedding, isn't it?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org